Data format
-----------

This document describes the protocol/API to upload data to data server.  The
upload procedure is "function upload(site, device, body)" in file "script.js"
in directory "SDCard".  Change the function if customization is needed.

The data is upload using HTTP or HTTPS.  The URL can be set on the setting page,
which can be accessed from the operator page.

The data is be sent using POST method.

The site/campaign number and device number are sent as query string of keys
"site" and "device" respectively.

The measured data and location data is sent in the body of the HTTP request in
CSV format that is exactly same as "dava.csv" and "gps.csv".

The first row of the CSV data is the header of name of data fields, and may
be optionally appended by " (" + unit + ")".

The first field must be the time of the data record in ISO-8601 with time zone.

Once the user click "upload data" on operator page, measured data and location
data is sent individually in two HTTP/HTTPS requests.  Both sets of the data
should be merged together in the data server using field "time".

Authorization
-------------

HTTP authorization is used. Header "AUTHORIZATION" is sent in HTTP/HTTPS
request in the format similar to "basic" scheme in RFC 7617, but different
meaning of the "user-id" and "password".

	authorization = "BASIC " + BASE64(user-id + ":" + password)

where "+" represents string concatenation.

The "password" part is straight forward using the "Password" in "Upload host
server information" part on the setting page (or default value as defined by
variable "upload_password" in file "config.h").  The "user-id" part is a fixed
size binary bytes of SHA-256 hash of upload content, and "Username" in "Upload
host server information" part on the setting page (or default value as defined
by variable "upload_username" in file "config.h").  The "user-id" is defined

	user-id = SHA256(username + path + body + username)

where "usename" is the value in variable "upload_username", "path" is the path
and query parts of request URL (everything after host and port), and "body" is
the body of the HTTP request.  The length of the user-id is fixed to 256 bits
or 32 bytes. Unlike RFC 7617, any byte/character values are possible here,
including ":", NUL, space, CR, LF.
